When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work 
local?

When you wish to collaborate with other programmers to work simultaneously on 
the source code. Also as a backup to the source code stored locally. If you are
working on different locations then this can become a convenient way to work
across the different machines.

Why might you always want to pull changes manually rather than having Git 
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

There may be some code that you are working on locally that you may be
experimenting on or some changes have been done remotely that you don't want
merged with your current branch locally. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?

Forks allow you to clone a remote repository on github into your remote github
account. Clone allows you to clone a repository that is on github either on your
account or someone else or you can clone a local repository. Branches is where
you branch of your commits with slight alterations from the existing commits.
Forks are useful if there is a project online that you would like to make a copy
and then make a local clone so that you can manipulate and do your own additions
and changes to it. Clones may be used if you see a project either yours or 
someone elses and you can make a copy to experiment with without having it on 
github. Branching is useful if you'd like to experiment with different features
or architecture in your code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

For easy offline access and to compare diff between the working directory and 
what is stored remotely and the ability to merge code with other contributors
from the remote branch.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Collaboration would be done face to face or over the telephone and email. There will be a constant flow of files and changes to code and keeping track of what changes done by who would be very difficult. Using Git and with GitHub makes things a lot easier for collaboration as all changes are tracked through commits and any requests for changes are noted as comments on GitHub.
